I want to have a game programmed. Please include it in the same way
into my website as quiz-app. Frontend with Vue3 and backend with express and socket.io !
The game is called Three-in-a-row ! It plays itself on a 8x8 chess board.
It plays itself with two players, one player receives the white, the other one the black pieces.
Each player only has a knight, a bishop and a rook. Capturing is not allowed in this game. Otherwise
the pieces can move like in ordinary chess.
The players move in turn and a player has won, if he managed to put his knight, bishop and rook all directly next to each other in either a row
or in a column. The order of the pieces doesn't matter.
The backend server should be programmed with express and socket.io .
One of the players starts a new training or playing session and can send a link to that session to the other player
which can then join.
In the beginning the 3 pieces for each color should be placed randomly on the board. There should also be a "New game"-button
which starts a new game where the 3 pieces are placed randomly on the board, but the white and black ones should be far away from each other
so neither player can win immediately.
When creating a new training or playing session or when joining one, the player has to enter his name.
Above the board, there is a nice black filled circle and next to it (in black) the name of the player who is black.
Below the board, there should be a nice white filled circle and next to it (in white) the name of the white player. Make sure that
the white writing an the white circle is really visible by choosing an appropriate background color.
If it's white's turn, the white filled circle should be surrounded by a non-filled circle of the same color with a radius that is a tiny bit bigger.
Respectively if it is black's turn.
There should also be a button to switch colors.
A player can move by dragging an dropping the piece.
If the player drops the piece and this is not a legal move, the sound of the whistle of a referee should be played 
and the piece should be put back to its original position.
Otherwise the turn changes, via the backend server, the other played is informed about the new move and an arrow drawn on the board indicates,
from which square to which square the other player has just moved. 
Next to the board, the moves of the game should be written down in short algebraic notation (e.g. Nb5 if the night moves to b5)
and above that notation form, all the other data from the game saved in pgn-notation should be displayed (who plays when against who, who won, original position as fen, etc..)
Use the Portable Game Notation from normal chess to save the game. The original position must of course be given by a Fen string.
There should also be a menu bar on top with a file menu and inside a Save menu item and a Load menu item.
Once one of the players has won, the result (1-0, 0-1) is displayed next to the board in the notation and the board and the dragging-and-dropping of the pieces
should be disabled. Also if it's the turn of the other player, the dragging-and-dropping should be disabled.



